chore(docker): containerize repo (#252)
algolia/scout-extended: DOCKER_README.MD

You can then install [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) if you wish, or use `docker-machine`. As we prefer the second option, we will only document this one.

## Setup your docker

Install `docker-machine`
```
$ brew install docker-machine
```

Then install [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) with [Homebrew Cask](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask) to get a driver for your Docker machine
```
$ brew cask install virtualbox
```

You may need to enter your password and authorize the application in your `System Settings` > `Security & Privacy`.

Create now a new machine, set it up as default and connect your shell to it (here we use zsh. The commands should anyway be displayed in each steps' output)

```
$ docker-machine create --driver virtualbox default
$ docker-machine env default
$ eval "$(docker-machine env default)"
```

Now you're all setup to use our provided Docker image!

## Build the image

```bash
docker build -t algolia-scout-extended .
```

## Run the image

You need to provide few environment variables at runtime to be able to run the [Common Test Suite](https://github.com/algolia/algoliasearch-client-specs/tree/master/common-test-suite).

> You can set them up directly in the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set them up directly in the command:
```

```bash
docker run -it --rm --env ALGOLIA_APP_ID=XXXXXX [...] -v $PWD:/app -w /app algolia-scout-extended bash
```

> But we advise you export them in your `.bashrc` or `.zshrc`. That way, you can use [Docker's shorten syntax](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/#set-environment-variables--e---env---env-file) to retrieve your variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, we advise you to export them in your `.bashrc` or `.zshrc`. That way, you can use [Docker's shorten syntax](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/#set-environment-variables--e---env---env-file) to set your variables.
```

```bash
docker run -it --rm --env ALGOLIA_APP_ID \
                    --env ALGOLIA_SECRET \
-v $PWD:/app -w /app algolia-scout-extended bash
```

> Once the container is up, you can edit files directly in your IDE: changes will be mirrored in the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your container is running, any changes you make in your IDE are directly reflected in the container.
```

> Lastly to launch the tests, you can use one of the following commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To launch the tests, you can use one of the following commands
```

```shell script
# run only the unit tests
composer test

# run a single test
./vendor/bin/phpunit --filter=nameOfYourTests
```

> You can find more scripts in the `composer.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more commands in the `composer.json` file.
```
